Root CA
	CookBook for own RootCA w/ PCF. 
	What's the cert chain, how does that work best w/ each LB implementation
	
Write cookbooks for each LB vendor.
	Include some stuff about URL rewriting. 
	
	Big IP (F5)
	NetScaler SDX, VPX.
	NSX - Already Done.
	ELB - Change / modify Dave's.
	vCloud AIR - should look like ELB. 

User Management: 

What is a service account? 
	A service account is an account used performs automated maintnence and operational activities against the foundation. It is not an account used for CI.
	
What is a CI account? 
	A CI account works on behalf of a human.
	
	Documentation: Best Practice
		What is a tennent in your enterprise
		Your tenant has users
			We think org should be 2 pizza teams.
	
	Talk Tracks: 
		Why is this the best practice
		It lets you go faster, experement faster fail faster
		Faster feedback cycles
		Automation for ticket based processes mitigates round trip onboard time. 
		
	Tooling: 
		Onboarding app that creates LDAP/AD/SAML group
		Creates the org
		Addds & notifies the members
		With default layout and space.

	Documentation: How to add new users.
	
	
	tempest: hates you... a lot.
		Jumpbox w/ User access / auditable.
		Lets talk to Matt R. 
		
	Operational users
 		   Service Accounts (watchman, cfops, pipelines, jmx consumer, "admin")
		   They live in UAAC
		   We build tooling (CF CLI PLUGIN)
		   Talk tracks around why not LDAP/AD
		   
	CI Users 
		-SAML users can't automate login
		Best practice: 
			CI user is pinned to the org lifetime
			CI user lives in directory server
			If you use SAML (minority) you put CI users in UAA because it's too hard/low value to automate.
		Actions: 
			We build tooling to produce ticket text for CI user for LDAP/AD
			We build tooling (see above) for adding UAA user when SAML is the directory server. 
			
			
Change Managment:
	The point of service catalog
		What is going to be comsumed
		What are it's hours of operations
		What are the service agreements
		What are we tracking from a lifecycle perspective
		
		
	PCF Shows up in a service catalog as a service type and should be tracked via service catalog.
		Has many sub items 
			Tiles
		SLA
		Maint Window
		Which Components
		A CI (catalog item) is an instantiation of the service type 
			Each CI will have dependencies on types
		
		Inicident response in the service agreement should be responsible for commujnicating the following timelines
			Mean time to resolution
			Incident response time
			escalation path 

	Statment #1: Ops Teams should not track apps until they are production AI's. They should track by front end URL. It's the resposbility of the deployer (dev team or ops team (service owner)) to update the service catalog.
	
	Statment #2: Ops Teams should make sure to track / catalog applications which run in the platform that run the platform(garbage man, watchman, ooohimtelling, console, etc)
	
		Actions: 
			whitepaper
				Map PCF componenets to Service Catalog terms
			
				Create objective criteria for statment one, to make service catalog entry of an application an exceptional event, not the normal event. Create IP around how we make these decisions. 
				Mockup Best Practice Change Management Procedures
					i.e. tasks on ERS are not performed outside runtime window.
					Blue Green deployments
				
			Blogpost: 
				Hey, we hear a lot about ITIL, we don't care what you call it, heres how we suggest you manage PCF as a service in your Enterprise. See whitepaper.
				
Continious Smoke Tests: 
	We run them via jenkins.
	They are here <find the github repo>.
	Dave should be assigned to this 
	We run them every five min
	It works because it works
	
	Chaos Lemur?
	

Foundation Estimation: 
	When do you add another. 
	How do you add another
	
	You need a sandbox for testing upgrades etc
		This is in addition to any foundation which will host a workload. 
	
	What regs apply to the apps / data living in PCF
		HIPPA, SOX, PCI, PII
		This applies to data in flight as well as at rest. 
		
	You need a new one when crossing geo boundries
		Layer 2 Stretch is a expensive idea.
		BOSH doesn't handle it, it's built to give up at %20 failure
		
	Action:
		Best practice, wtf why?
	
PCI 
	we need a basic ref arch
	in colobaration with Pivotal CSIO office 
	major processes
	working example
	demoable to customers and the field
	Bala Natarajan
	
Start / Stop Script 
	Write a script, open source it. 
	Recall that bosh stop dosen't stop the vm. 
	Provide a disclaimer (John) about why this isn't a good idea in the general case. 
		May not reduce risk in a recovery scinerio (Merlin)
		It does save money in AWS, although there are better alternatives
		
Migrating from haproxy to a big boy load balancer
	Action: Document the procedure in a cook book

PSA: We beleive that we can equates HW LB's with a properly conigured NSX install. Significant engaugment advantage to having NSX/vShield edges for networks. 

How does ops interact w/ app teams on Day 2 ===>
	We said dev ops, how do our ops teams enable the tooling that the app teams need to do that effictvley. Empower the app teams.... Dev Ops does not mean no ops. 

	ELK tile that lets you have logs for a temporary / debug view
		gives you 1 day worth of logs
		seperate from what the ops team sees. 
	
	How do the app teams make sense of the metrics they generate. Make sure this makes it to the app migration offering. 
			How to understand appD metrics since the router obfuscates them?
			
	What about machine learning to watch app logs, this is normal, this is not normal, console to surface it. Give the ops teams visibility into what to look into. Don't grep for exception anymore. Anomoly detection.
		Action: Interact with the data team. 
		
	Action: Blog Post, how to replace debuggers with logging and metrics. It's TDD and modern practices too. 
	
	Action: Tool for app id to app org/space/name
	
	Action: How do we help ops support the dev teams operating software on a platform they don't own.
	
Who supoports the software written for this offering
	We want to get a packaged support agreement around it.
		VMWare has a fee based support model for PS produced software
	Can the PEZ team support these tools?
	Discussion w/ Dino.
				
			
OpenStack Best Practice:
	Action: 
		Ramiro to write pamphlets 
		
BU/R
	We need to provide a framework of the questions to be asked of the customer, and then how do we use those questions to define something actionable. 
		System BU/DR
		Service Backup
		Business Continiuty. 
		
Auditing 
	We need to surface the stuff in CCDB
	We think this is a tool discussion
		We think it can expose time slices and "platform ops"
		Liberty was more concerned about auditing at the IaaS level. 
		There are flags that can be enabled in bosh, but are not enabled via the PCF.
		Can we make a product ask to togle plugins on. Turning on the SSH plugin would have addressed Liberties concern. 
	
	Action: 
		We think product asks / PR's for enabling plugins
			
	Action: 
		Build a tool to surface what we can from CC db and the event stream and be able to slice it by time.
	

Active / active, active passive

	Action: 
		Why would I do either one? Active / Active & Active / Passive? 
			RTO, RPO

	Active Active (Haydon/Duncan)
		Action: 
			Create whitepaper / arch diagrams / ingredients list that show what the limits are of running a single app across multiple foundations. What is possible, what is not, what's not worth it?
	
	Active / Passive?
		Action: 
			Create whitepaper / arch diagrams 
			What data services are off the table
			
	Action: 
		How do we sync auth?
			Service accounts 
		How do CI systems work?
		What's the relationship to logging and monitoring (above)?
		

PSA: Don't offsite your UAADB, CCDB  etc and BlobStores when you have local installs. 
			

One Person Veto Power
	Action: Lets get a workshop from folks who have done this longer than us. 
		CDavis
		
Monitoring / Logging

	What metrics do I pay attention to? 
	How do I use these metrics to make decisions
		When do I add new DEA’s?
		ets

Actions: 
	Develop IP and canned solution around the ELK stack for customers who want a perscriptve solution
	Develop IP and canned solution around VROPS for customers who want a perscriptive solution
	Write a whitepaper around the naritive 
	
Reccomendations: 
	Develope a service offering specifically for integrating monitoring tools
		This includes the narative / education / training about how we monitor the platform. 
		
	
Bullets
	Narritive (What we do, what you should do)
		The platform is smart, but it's not a bunch of vms
		we listen to different stuff
		it's a virtual appliance, stop cracking it open 
	Tool Gap
		Show us the light
			Prescriptive aproach, ELK, VROPS) 
			
		Make it work with my stuff
			IP development
			Run Book (more perscriptive than the whitepaper)
		
		
		